---
layout: post
title: Jas-Hour
description: "The basics of recursive thinking"
modified: 2015-08-19
category: Projects
tags: [travisci, github, webhooks]
imagefeature: whiteboard.jpg
comments: true
featured: true
share: true
---

# Jas-Hour
I like to think of Jas-Hour as what goes on behind the scenes of hack hours at Codesmith. It relies
on webhooks associated to two repos: the repo that students pull their challenges from and the repo
that stores the tests. Travis CI plays a crucial role in the automated behavior of Jas-Hour.

## Autograder
The main feature is an autograder. When a student makes a pull request, a Travis CI build is
activated. It grabs a tar-ed file from Dropbox, which contains the available tests and autograding
scripts. It then untars the file and runs the script that interacts with Github's API to decide which tests to run. The
*run-tests* script determines which tests to run by using API calls to figure out which files have
been edited. Once the tests are picked out, they are run with Mocha and a custom reporter that
outputs the results in an email-friendly format. Travis CI pipes the output to an html file and
then runs the *index* script, which makes an API call to get the student's email and emails the
test results using SendGrid.

## Maintaining Test Bank
I mentioned above that the tests and scripts were all tar-ed up into one file on Dropbox. To make
it easier for the hack hour administrator to maintain that the tar-ed file is up-to-date, we
automated the tar-ing and uploading of the autograding files to Dropbox. In order to do this, we
made another webhook on another repo that is dedicated to managing the test bank. When a new test
is created, it gets pushed to the repo, which triggers a Travis CI build. Travis automatically tars
the folder and uses a dropbox uploader script to upload the tar-ed file to Dropbox.
